Creating an iOS app (#281)
learning-software-engineering/learning-software-engineering.github.io: Topics/Tech_Stacks/iOS.md

# Creating Your First iOS App

## Table of Contents
1. [Introduction](#introduction)

> 2. [Prerequistites](#)

Reviewer: I believe you have a spelling mistake here. It should be _Prerequisites_

3. [Steps to Creating an iOS App](#steps-to-creating-an-ios-app)
4. [Conclusion](#conclusion)
5. [Additional Resources](#additional-resources)

## Introduction
<!-- intro -->

> With millions of users worldwide, Apple's iOS platform offers a vast audience for your apps, whether you aim to develop utility apps, games, or educational tools. Creating an iOS app not only unlocks the potental to reach a global audience but also provides an opportunity to learn new technologies and design principles. 

Reviewer: I think there is another spelling error here. It should be _potential_

## Prerequisites
<!-- anything the user may need -->
Before we begin, ensure you have the following:

1. **Apple computer** with latest macOS version.

> 2. **Xcode**. Install [here](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12)!

Reviewer: I think it would be useful to elaborate more on what these technologies would be used for/ why they are used

Author: Thoughts on this? 

```suggestion
2. **Xcode**: Apple's integrated development environment (IDE), available for free from the [Mac App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12). Used to develop programs in macOS, iOS, iPadOS, watchOS, tvOS, and visionOS.
```

3. **Basic programming knowledge**, preferably in Swift.

> ## Steps to Creating an iOS App

Reviewer: Add more details to the steps

### 3. Start a New Project
- **Create a New Project in Xcode**: Choose the appropriate template for your app.
- **Configure Project Settings**: Set your app's name, orientation, and deployment target.

### 4. Develop Your App
- **Write Code**: Use Swift to add functionality to your app.
- **Design the UI**: Use Storyboards or SwiftUI to create a visually appealing interface.
- **Test Your App**: Utilize the Xcode simulator and real devices for testing.

### 5. Debug and Optimize
- **Debug**: Use Xcode's debugging tools to find and fix errors.
- **Optimize**: Enhance performance and user experience.

### 6. Prepare for Launch
- **Refine Your App**: Make final adjustments based on feedback.
- **Create an App Store Listing**: Prepare screenshots, a description, and other metadata.
- **Submit Your App for Review**: Follow Apple's guidelines for App Store submission.

## Conclusion
<!-- conclusion -->
Developing an iOS app is a process of continuous learning and improvement. This first app we made will serve as a significant stepping stone in understanding the intricacies of iOS development.

## Additional Resources
<!-- helpful things for more info? -->

> - Apple Developer Documentation

Reviewer: Add links to the documentation and the guide
